Jean 
Jean: Hel- OH, it's you, aren’t you supposed to be at school right now? What are you doing here?
You: I don’t have time for you right now, let me in. 
Jean: Where are your manners!? Go back to school! [fail]
You: Hi Aunt Jean, have you seen my mom?
Jean: Wow, I almost thought you were here for my birthday. Yeah, your mom is right here.
You: Happy Birthday Aunt Jean! Can I come in? 
Jean: Of course, did you come back just for my birthday, your mom is here too. Lovely surprise :)!
Mom (no fail!)
Mom: Hello!
Mom: Did you say happy birthday to Jean?
Mom: She had made her signature brownies, but my bad they’re all gone now. 
You: Hi! To be honest, I didn’t know it was Jeans birthday today. I was looking for you at home. 
Mom: Oh yeah, I almost forgot too! Haha, but I made sure I remembered this year or else Jean would kill me. How is school so far, I didn’t expect you to come home, you were looking for me?
You: Oh yeah, schools been good, I have an exam tomorrow. Speaking of… Mom you have my T-card right? I need it for the exam tomorrow or else there is a 35% penalty.
Mom: Oh gosh. Knowing you, you can’t take that. Here you go.

Gma
Grandma: Hi sweetie, Oh you must have walked a long way to get here. Come in come in. 
Grandma: Oh, I wasn’t expecting you so the place is kind of messy from Mittens. 
Grandma: This is good timing though, I was going to do a few errands today but I broke my back the other day. So I was thinking …
could you help me clean Mitten’s litter box and water the plants?
You:  Oh my gosh of course I’ll help you with your chores, how, are you okay?
Grandma: Yes dear, you’re such a big help.
You: Grandma, You’re always like this, why can't you just think about my problems? I have an exam tomorrow 
Grandma: OH MY DAYS, what kind of attitude is that? Do you not care about Mittens’s hygiene? Well, there goes my day since I’ll take forever to do my chores now. 
You should leave, I don’t have all day. [Fail] 
Eric
At home:
Eric:
 Hi, I haven’t seen you in a while. 

You: 
Eric: 


